README.md, before:

> ![Example](https://i.ibb.co/CtV56bX/image.png)

### Requirements:

1. Captcha subscription : [2Captcha](http://2captcha.com/?from=8859803) / [RuCaptcha](https://rucaptcha.com?from=9296293) / [Death By Captcha](https://www.deathbycaptcha.com/)
2. ~~!!! NodeJS 14.2.0 [Download.](https://nodejs.org/dist/v14.2.0/node-v14.2.0-x64.msi) For proxies support.~~ Don't need anymore.
3. Tested only on Win10 x64.

### How to use:

1. [Download last release archive.](https://github.com/lociero/League-of-Legends-Accounts-Creator/releases)
2. Unzip and run `creator.exe`

### What you can change

1. Server. Supported: EUW, EUNE, NA, BR, TR, RU, OCE, LAN, LAS.
2. Email mask. It's `<username>@rito.plz` by default, you can use anything you want, for example `<username>_lol@gmail.me`. Or you can set random mask for every account, you can change them in ./emailMasks.txt;
3. Username length.
4. Password length.
5. Date of Birth.
6. Number of accounts.
7. Proxy. Currently designed to work only with socks5 from ProxyScrape.

### Special thanks to:
```
Телицын Сергей (Telitsyn Sergey)
```

### Contacts:

```
Discord: megaded#1529
```

Commit message:

local express server added / existed emails / bug fixes

README.md, after:

> ![Example](https://i.ibb.co/r6smZpT/account-creator-29-08-2020-cens.png)

### Requirements

1. Captcha subscription : [2Captcha](http://2captcha.com/?from=8859803) / [RuCaptcha](https://rucaptcha.com?from=9296293) / [Death By Captcha](https://www.deathbycaptcha.com/)

### How to use:

1. [Download last release archive.](https://github.com/lociero/League-of-Legends-Accounts-Creator/releases)
2. Unzip and run `creator.exe`

### What you can change

1. Server. Supported: EUW, EUNE, NA, BR, TR, RU, OCE, LAN, LAS.
2. Email mask. It's `<username>@-xd@rito.plz` by default, you can use anything you want, for example `<username>_lol@gmail.me`. Also you can set random mask for every account, you can change them in ./emailMasks.txt or use existed emails, put them in ./existedEmails.txt
3. Username length.
4. Password length.
5. Date of Birth.
6. Number of accounts.
7. Proxy. Check the proxy use option. Press Get Proxies button. It will download and check them, then you can start the generate.


### If you want to build it by yourself

```
# Clone this repository
git clone https://github.com/lociero/League-of-Legends-Accounts-Creator
# Go into the repository
cd League-of-Legends-Accounts-Creator
# Install dependencies
npm install
# Build the app
npm run build
# Package (electron-packager globally installed is required)
npm run buildElectron
```

### Special thanks for support

```
Telitsyn Sergey // sl******yn@gmail.com
Ya Boi // prist*******l2014@gmail.com
```

### Contacts:

```
Discord: megaded#1529
```
